ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/AdminController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.AdminController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/FilmController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.FilmController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/FigureController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.FigureController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/FilmlibraryApplication.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.FilmlibraryApplication
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/HomeController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.HomeController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/config/MvcConfig.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.config.MvcConfig
ru/etu/filmlibrary/config/WebSecurityConfig.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.config.WebSecurityConfig
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/FiguresController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.FiguresController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/Figure.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.Figure
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/FigureTypeRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.FigureTypeRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/Genre.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.Genre
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/Film.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.Film
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/services/UserService.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.services.UserService
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/FigureRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.FigureRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/RegistrationController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.RegistrationController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/FilmRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.FilmRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/UserRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.UserRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/FigureType.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.FigureType
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/User.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.User
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/RoleRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.RoleRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/GenreController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.GenreController
ru/etu/filmlibrary/utils/DateUtil.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.utils.DateUtil
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/repositories/GenreRepository.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.repositories.GenreRepository
ru/etu/filmlibrary/models/data/Role.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.models.data.Role
ru/etu/filmlibrary/controllers/ProfileController.java
 ru.etu.filmlibrary.controllers.ProfileController
